The following programme contains
strong language and violent scenes.
You're going to Tallinn.
UDC's going to be there.
I'm announcing River in four days
and it will be released on the 28th.
'Where is he now?'
He should be in Tallinn.
You need to find him
and stay with him.
Distance to the target is 75m.
What are the obstacles?
A...metal detector
and
an ultra-sensitive scanner
but I've got an idea for that.
That's very clever.
The glass is bullet-resistant.
It'll stop five rounds
from a 7.62mm rifle.
That is a fucking work of art.
Can you call them please?
I do not want her here.
Angela, go inside.
I'm talking to my husband and child!
Please go back inside.
You have good man face.
'Why do you need this disguise?'
'There are people looking for me.'
Could I see some ID, please?
Hi, is that Rasmus?
I just wondered
if you wanted to grab a drink?
What sort of vibe
would you say I have?
Kinda serious. Also a bit dangerous.
# Some flowers
♪ Never get to bloom and see the day
♪ Some flowers
♪ Are content to wish
Their lives away
♪ Some may rise
♪ And some may fall
♪ But only
♪ You may
♪ Ever
♪ See me true
♪ So, only
♪ You can
♪ Tell that
♪ This is who I am
♪ This is who I am!
♪ No lie
♪ Know that
♪ This is who I am ♪
So, two British Intelligence officers
arrived here last night
from Budapest.
Male, mid-30s, white,
about 5'10", brown hair.
Female about the same age,
Black, first name: Bianca.
I was wondering if your people might
be able to do something about them.
Wait, are you asking me for my help?
Sure.
On it. Rodin's arriving on Friday.
They're gonna ask me
if you're confident it can be done.
Well, you can tell them
whatever they wanna hear.
Well, I'm also asking for myself.
So, what would you like me
to tell you?
That you'll deliver.
I'm on your side.
I was hoping
that would be clear by now.
I was hoping this could be
even more of a collaboration.
I don't collaborate.
You won't hear from me
until after it's done
and I expect to be paid promptly.
It's me.
Yeah, I need some
priority assistance on site.
Sure, I'll have the details
sent to you right away.
We've set you up
in the Cultural Attache's office.
Good morning.
Welcome to Operation Anubis.
Someone's pulled their finger out.
The Foreign Secretary isn't
a particularly generous man.
But he's personally
very miffed about the Jackal
killing his friend, Manfred.
Did we get any matches
from his DNA and prints?
Nothing.
This guy's a fucking ghost.
Oskar Ilves of the Estonian Internal
Security Service is our liaison.
His team is going
through hotels, hostels,
Airbnb's and private rentals.
They're also asking for a likeness,
so I want you to meet Cole.
Cole is going to help you
put a face to the Jackal.
Wider...
It's a bit more, yeah...
just like that. Yep. Like that.
Don't do anything else-
Right, OK, yeah. What do you think?
Vince. You saw him, right?
Oh. For a split second.
Well, what do you think?
Uh... Yeah, yeah. Could be him.
Look, Osi, this is the best
it's gonna get it.
OK.
We'll share it with Oskar Ilves
and the Estonians.
Thank you, Cole.
Sir, I've just heard
a British team tracked
the assassin to Hungary.
Unfortunately, he got away.
He's resourceful and dangerous.
You cannot go to Tallinn.
Do the launch from here.
If I hide away...
River's enemies win.
We've been planning this for a year.
The guests have been invited,
1,000 of them.
Ordinary people,
all randomly selected.
They have no idea where
they're going until they get there,
and they've all signed NDAs.
People talk.
If we cancel now,
UDC looks ridiculous.
Better ridiculous than dead.
Debatable.
Morning. There you are.
Sorry, I had something early
and I didn't wanna wake you.
What's that?
Oh.
I managed to get my hands on
these plans for the Konsterdisaal.
It's pretty astonishing
what these guys managed to achieved.
Yeah, I thought
last night was pretty great too.
You've got a very nice smile, Rasmus.
Thank you.
No, you sort of radiate kindness.
Wow.
No, that's a good thing.
You can't have
too much kindness these days. Hm.
Uh... if you're trying to compete,
I should let you know
that nothing turns me on
like a blueprint, so... Hm?
Show me the hot bits.
You wanna know?
Yeah.
Yeah?
So that bit there...
Nuri...
And how could you tell?
U...Probably by getting up there
and having a look.
But this isn't even trying
to explain it, so...
Well, I could take you.
Have a look.
Really?
Mm.
It would have to be
this afternoon, though.
There's a concert tonight and
they'll shut the whole place down.
Like, total lockdown.
What's that about?
I dunno, they just told us
that after tonight
no-one's getting in or out
without special permission.
Well, they've got me leaving
this evening now, so,
I could do this afternoon,
if that works?
Would you make it worth my while?
Buah...
Pfft...
Everything OK?
Yeah.
We're all good.
Hm.
Hey, Rasmus!
Fuck, I'm glad I'm not
working tonight.
Imagine having to sit through
three hours of classical piano.
Imagine.
So, um... I'll just wait for you.
Use this to get back in here.
Knock yourself out.
Rasmus?
Hey, how was that?
You have no idea what that was.
That was, uh...
that was pretty extraordinary.
What?
No, you're just so happy about it.
It's hilarious.
That, for me, that was...
that was a big thing.
Right.
Thank you.
No problem.
Do you wanna grab some food?
I'd love that, but I've got
a ton of things I've gotta do
before I fly, so...
But I'll see you when
I come and pick up my stuff?
Sure.
Yeah?
Yeah.
I've established
a line of communication
with Keith Canvey,
UDC's head of security.
I've sent him the facial composite.
But basically
he won't share anything with us.
He's not even admitting
UDC's coming to Tallinn.
I have Oskar Ilves for you, Osi.
Put him on speaker.
Oskar, hi. It's Osi.
'Hi. We have a police officer
who recognises the facial composite.
She talked to the guy
last night at an Airbnb.
British. Name of Peter Gibson.
I'm on my way to the location now.'
Oskar, I'm sending you
one of our teams.
Siobhan, get them transports
and an armed escort.
Your escort is Richard and Phil.
They'll meet you at the front
of the building in five.
I've got the Airbnb location.
No! Down, down!
On me! Now!
He aimed straight at you.
That was a fucking hit.
Are you OK?
Yeah.
Do you need to come inside?
N-No. No, uh... we need to go.
We need to go.
Go. I'll deal with the police.
Hey. Hey, hey.
Be careful.
You OK?
He didn't miss by much.
Yeah... Idiot.
Oskar Ilves, Internal Security.
Do you know if our guy's in there?
We don't,
but he was definitely there
last night.
We've covered all the exits.
OK.
Internal Security. Open the door.
Go!
Go, go, go, go!
Clear!
Oh, shit.
You OK?
Uh... Yeah, I had some dodgy sushi.
I'm hoping these'll
bung me up before the flight.
Too much information.
Right...
It's been fun.
It's been more than fun.
You got a good-man face, Rasmus.
What does that mean?
Kindness just seems
to come off you naturally.
Guess I'm just a happy person.
'Both UDC and DagHaus
have remained tight-lipped
with regards to the upcoming
announcement of River.
The venues in Dublin,
Dubai and Kuala Lumpur
have all been rumoured
as possible locations.
UDC has created quite a stir already
with hints to what his latest
invention, River, can do.'
UDC,
bless his pointy little head,
hasn't got the memo
that class hatred...
...makes no more sense now,
just when the world needs to
pull together, than it ever did.
It didn't happen. In Tallinn.
It was a couple of Russians.
They botched it.
Years after Communism,
Russians are still drunk,
lazy, inept, corrupt peasants.
National characteristics
always outlive regime change.
It was very short notice, Tim.
Do you know, when the Romans
could no longer find enough Romans
to run their empire, Greatest empire
the world has ever known,
they started hiring foreigners.
The rest is history.
Decline and fall.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
No foreigners.
Mmm.
You tell Leonora we like
Coughlin's class hatred line.
This is Officer Kohver. She's sure
she saw your man last night.
We were responding to a burglary
in the building.
We spoke to a number of tenants
on this floor.
And one man,
there was something about him,
and he looked a lot like this.
Evening.
Could I see your bag, sir?
Oh. It's probably the boot.
Thank you, that's fine.
Thank you.
He had a British passport
in the name of Peter Gibson.
How did Gibson pay?
Credit card.
We're checking to see
if the card has been used.
I'll also get forensic team in
for prints and DNA.
Hopefully, we can match results
to what we found in Hungary.
And get Officer Kovher
in with the artist.
See if we can get
a better likeness.
Uh... These please.
And I'll get four of the nuts
and... and four
of these chocolate bars.
How much will that be?
Thirty Euros, please.
Thirty. Thirty Euros, Christ.
Thank you.
Ladies and gentlemen,
please take your seats.
The concert is about to begin.
'All good?'
Yeah, good, thank you.
So, they're Russian?
The Estonians are convinced
they are. Have a look at this.
Yeah, someone is going out of
their way to try and kill me.
OK, we get it, you're a big deal.
OK, we've updated
the facial composite.
Ilves is distributing this
to every cop in Estonia,
as well as airports, ports,
railway stations,
car rental offices, and the venue.
What do you think?
Well, the Jackal never looks
the same way twice, does he?
Ilves says Peter Gibson hasn't
used his credit card in Tallinn
since he paid for the Airbnb.
Let's see
what he's had for breakfast.
The old system was perfectly good.
But it couldn't do this.
Keith?
Bianca Pullman.
Vince Pyne.
We work for Osi Halcrow.
Alright. Uh... Meet our guy.
How accurate is this?
A local policewoman had eyes on him,
as close as I am to you,
for a minute or two.
OK. It's gonna be very helpful.
Yeah. Uh... There's also this.
Who am I looking at?
The Jackal in one of his disguises.
Seriously?
Maybe not so helpful, eh?
How do I look?
I want everyone gone by 1800 hours.
From 1800 the entire building
is locked down.
No-one gets in or out
without my personal authorisation.
We'll keep
these upper levels empty
with just armed guards up here
covering the audience.
Keith, I've got
a present for your dogs.
The Jackal left this behind.
Hm.
It could have his scent on it.
UDC will arrive in the green room
20 minutes before the presentation.
It's sterile.
When the lights go out,
Rima will make a short introduction.
And UDC will make his announcement
behind the bullet-proof glass.
The entire media crew's
under DagHaus direction.
They have the exclusive feed
going to all the networks.
'Is this worth it?'
'Always alone, Mr Calthrop.'
'Always.'
To eat alone is sad.
Yeah, it is pretty sad.
Now, what does that mean?
We say in Spain,
better alone than in bad company.
Or no?
Yeah.
Fucking hell.
- Hey.
- Evening, Alberto.
Evening.
Buenas noches, Mr Calthrop.
Please will you call me Charles?
"Cholls."
Charles.
Good, that was perfect!
Oh, thank you.
Um...
I get your table ready.
No, it's not actually, I was...
I was wondering,
do you ever get a night off?
Yes. I'm not a slave.
Well, uh... if...
when you get a night off,
I was wondering if I could persuade
you to go to dinner with me?
Yes, of course.
'Speculation's at fever pitch
here in Estonia, where a massive
security operation is already
underway at the world-renowned
Tallinna Kontserdisaal...'
'Answers to the questions
that have been on everyone's lips
for months:
what exactly is River,
and how will it change the world?'
'Markets and trading floors
across the world in chaos.'
'...attack on freedoms of
the traditional financial markets.'
'It's like preparing for judgement
day.''Only time will tell.'
Chris...
I want one last sweep of
the entire building.
Thank you, ma'am.
Ah, Rima Buttons.
Hi!
God, Jasmine loves this woman.
Yeah? Ask her for a selfie.
Oh, I'm not doing that!
Hi, I'm Rima.
Hello, it's so good to meet you.
Come. Come this way.
I'll take you to the green room.
Plane just landed.
UDC is ten minutes away.
Guess that means
he's not cancelling, then.
He won't be turning back now.
Remember to stay close
to the glass, sir.
Oh, my God, there he is.
Rima! Hey! How are you?
Oh, I'm good.
Thank you for doing this.
Are you kidding? It's an honour!
If only River would show me
how my ex is spending
the forty thousand dollars a month
I pay him in alimony,
the motherfucker.
Sorry, I'm bitching
about my ex, and you...
you're saving the world.
Thank you.
♪ ZBIGNIEW PREISNER:
Song For The Unification Of Europe ♪
Here we go.
Thank you.
Stay close to the glass.
Ladies and gentlemen,
please welcome your host
for this evening,
the activist, satirist
and provocateur, Rima Buttons.
Rima! Hey!
Am I looking at the luckiest
people on the planet, or what?
Not only the most intelligent,
the best dressed, and uh...
possibly even the best looking...
...but definitely the luckiest.
Because you are witnessing history,
right here, right now!
I'll let you in on
a little secret.
The world as we know it...
'..is doomed.'
Yep. Apparently we're doomed.
I heard.
'Yeah, I know. The warm up act
is supposed to warm you up,
not scare the shit out of you.
But come on, I flattered you.'
She's so cool.
'We need to have a serious talk.
I mean you, and I mean
the millions of people watching this
on their phones and TVs
around the world.'
Some of us,
no, most of us,
have loads of stuff.
Well, we're not exactly lining up
at the soup kitchens, are we?
Don't be embarrassed about it.
But just because we have stuff,
doesn't mean we're not fucked.
We're in denial.
We keep pretending nothing bad
is happening when we know it is.
Come on, repeat after me.
We're fucked!
We have to change, and we know it.
And that change
has to start with money,
because money equals power.
And when has power
ever wanted change?
Change is like kryptonite for
people with power. They go all...
'Urgh...'
Who is this?
She's nobody.
'A hundred years ago, women said...
give us the vote.
Power went, "No, that would be
the end of the world.'
Feed the poor.
No, you can't do that.
The poor will always be with us!
Power won't give up.
It will never surrender.
It has to be forced.
And here is the man...
...to do it. Ladies, gentlemen,
and all of you in between,
I give you, Ulle...
Dag Charles!
Woo!
Yeah! Yeah!
That is like the main stage
at Glastonbury.
Mmm...
Stop it.
'They said we'd never make it,
but we're here!'
Tallinn!
The time is now!
Wooo!
Friends, thank you for joining me
here tonight.
I know you've all come a long way.
I'm gonna ask you now...
to come even further.
I want you...
'..to come on a journey with me.'
I'll come!
I won't lie to you,
the journey will not be
an easy one to make.
For some, it will involve
giving up stuff,
like Rima said.
But it has to be done.
It has to be done!
The rich...
'have become so rich...'
He's nauseating.
'..the powerful have
become so powerful,
the corrupt have become so corrupt.
'The rich, corrupt, and powerful...'
...have taken away
what belongs to the many...
...and hidden it
where only a few can find it.
And River is gonna lead you
to where it is so you can come
and take back what's...
...yours!
Fuck you, you tyrant!
Come on.
There were two shooters.
He's in here somewhere.
Lock all the exits. Let's go.
What the fuck was that?!
What the fuck just happened?!
Is the motherfucker dead?
OK, give me the remote.
No!
Gimme the remote.
Give me the fucking remote!
Close the fucking doors!
Here!
Close the doors!
No, we won't close the doors.
Peter?
Hey! Peter? Is that you?
Hey!
Peter!
Hi.
Hey.
I thought you left?
♪ ANDRE BRATTEN FT. SUSANNE SUNDFOR:
Cascade of Events ♪
♪ If only
♪ If only it was easy
♪ We're paragliding
♪ Still falling
♪ Soft sand everywhere
♪ We're flying
♪ Mmm, still falling
♪ Descending ♪
Subtitles by Sky Access Services
www.skyaccessibility.sky